{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 20CR11 EXPERIMENT\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Data.
\f1\b0 \
The result csv file 20CR11_5f7d2e104bfca86e4f58ef9a-data concatenates session 1 (before row 5020) and session 2 (after row 5020) of the duration perception task. \
\
Session 1 (5f7d2e104bfca86e4f58ef9a-data-1.zip) was collected from 11/23/2020 - 12/02/2020. N1 = 21, Dropout = 2\
Session 2 (5f7d2e104bfca86e4f58ef9a-data-2.zip) was collected from 12/02/2020 - 12/09/2020. N2 = 42, Dropout = 1\
\

\f0\b Task.
\f1\b0 \
This task is the filled duration version of the empty duration design Cheng & Creel published on JEPHPP (2020). In this task, we used the shortest delay (2 beats), fast tempo (300 ms IOI) and replace the target durations (i.e. empty duration) with the filled durations. \
\

\f0\b Procedure.\

\f1\b0 Participants read do the logistic questionnaires about their environment and which hearing device they are using, the instruction, listen to the 4 examples (exaggerate short and long duration examples), do the practice for 12 trials (just the easiest duration 1, 6 on-time trials), then the main task 216 trials (18 conditions x 12 repetitions) in total and break in between. After the main task, they do some questions about their demographical info and music background. The total experiment time is less than 40 mins. }