{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 21CR01 EXPERIMENT
\f1\b0 \
\
Session 1 (session-5ffcf97c73cd6e385a5fa726-1.zip) was collected from 1/11/2020 - 1/19/2020. N1 = 9, Dropout = 3\
Session 2 (session-6007b9b68ffa26e0d13be3ad-2.zip) was collected from 1/19/2020 - 1/29/2020. N2 = 20, Dropout = 2\
\

\f0\b Task.
\f1\b0 \
This task is the filled duration and the same empty duration of Cheng & Creel published on JEPHPP (2020). In this task, we used the shortest delay (2 beats), fast tempo (300 ms IOI). Run this\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 to compare filled and empty duration accuracy to decide a threshold of exclusion for our EXP3 and EXP4, which have very low accuracy than our EXP1 and EXP2 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  is this because they are filled durations or is it because of the online experiment format?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\f0\b Procedure.\

\f1\b0 Participants read do the logistic questionnaires about their environment and which hearing device they are using, the instruction, listen to the 4 examples (exaggerate short and long duration examples), do the practice for 12 trials (just the easiest duration 1, 6 on-time trials), then the main task 216 trials (18 conditions x 12 repetitions) in each duration condition (filled vs. empty) and break in between. After the main task, they do some questions about their demographical info and music background. The total experiment time is less than 40 mins. \
\
}